Mom, what are you talking about here?
Are you looking at others? If you are not there to accompany me,
What are you doing here?
Mom, is this a negative labor?
You are here because I am responsible for opening the hospital,
Who am I looking at? Does it have anything to do with you?
It's all your fault, I'm going to see what I can do for you today,
Stop right here!
He also killed Yi Nu’s Guo Ya
Just one thousand yuan
Let that story suit my eyes
Such a string of letters, auntie
That Huang Anhe and the truth for a while
Forget about your wealth
And Aunt Cai
He will bully you
I'll pay you right now
Damn you for being like this
You are the one who is higher than the function. I am not. I am not.
My name is Xiaowei
It's the story of the hospital
I am not not
you are the story
Then what are you afraid of?
The person I was just now
give me a thousand dollars
Although I performed it for you
Why are you doing this?
Why are you bullying me?
Because I just finished it
Your husband is out for a party
OK I'm willing to help you